= SyslogLogger

http://github.com/cpowell/sysloglogger/tree

== DESCRIPTION:

SyslogLogger is a Logger replacement that logs to syslog. It is almost drop-in
with a few caveats. You can add SyslogLogger to your Rails production
environment to aggregate logs between multiple machines.

NOTE! You can only set the SyslogLogger program name when you initialize
SyslogLogger for the first time. This is a limitation of the way SyslogLogger
uses syslog (and in some ways, a limitation of the way syslog(3) works).
Attempts to change SyslogLogger's program name after the first initialization
will be ignored.

This particular SyslogLogger improves the original by correctly mapping Rails-side log severities to
the Syslog counterparts. The original can be found here: http://seattlerb.rubyforge.org/SyslogLogger

== SYNOPSIS:

=== config/environment.rb

  config.gem "cpowell-SyslogLogger", :source=>'http://gems.github.com', :lib=>'syslog_logger'

=== config/environments/production.rb

(Only this environment, since you probably only want to enable it for Production, and not Test or Development.)

  require 'syslog_logger'
  RAILS_DEFAULT_LOGGER = SyslogLogger.new 

By default, SyslogLogger uses the program name 'rails', but this can be
changed via the first argument to SyslogLogger.new:

  RAILS_DEFAULT_LOGGER = SyslogLogger.new(program_name = 'mygreatapp')
  
=== BSD syslog setup

==== /etc/syslog.conf

Add the following lines:

  !rails
  *.*                                             /var/log/production.log

Then touch /var/log/production.log and signal syslogd with a HUP
(killall -HUP syslogd, on FreeBSD).

==== /etc/newsyslog.conf

Add the following line:

  /var/log/production.log                 640  7     *    @T00  Z

This creates a log file that is rotated every day at midnight, gzip'd, then
kept for 7 days.  Consult newsyslog.conf(5) for more details.

=== syslog-ng setup

==== syslog-ng.conf

A basic setup:

  destination rails_log { file("/var/log/production.log"); };
  filter f_rails { program("rails.*"); };
  log { source(src); filter(f_rails); destination(rails_log); };

A more advanced setup with formatting, etc:

  destination rails { file("/var/log/rails_apps" owner("rails") group("rails") perm(0664) template("$DATE $HOST $PROGRAM [$LEVEL] $MSGONLY\n") template_escape(no) ); };
  filter f_rails    { (program("railsappone") or program("railsapptwo")) and not match("SQL ") and not match("SELECT") and not match("INSERT INTO") and not match("UPDATE"); };
  log { source(src); filter(f_rails); destination(rails); };

=== Starting

Now restart your Rails app. Your production logs should now be showing up in
/var/log/production.log. If you have mulitple machines, you can log them all
to a central machine with remote syslog logging for analysis. Consult your
syslogd(8) manpage for further details.

== INSTALL:

  $ gem sources -a http://gems.github.com (you only have to do this once)
  $ sudo gem install cpowell-SyslogLogger

== LICENSE:

The original code is Copyright (c) Eric Hodel.

For any additional code...

Copyright (c) 2008 Christopher Powell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


